a cook shares 11 tips on choosing tasty
vegetables and fruits do you know how to
choose the best fruits and vegetables
for your future culinary masterpieces a
confectioner Maria troitskaya shares
useful tips that will help you navigate
better among all the varieties of
products available in supermarkets but
first hit the subscription button and
ring the notification bell to join us on
the bright side of life
[Music]
one tomatoes many people think that
tomatoes on branches are fresher and
therefore choose them in fact a stalk is
not an indicator of the freshness but of
the greenness of the tomato ripe
tomatoes all off the vine by themselves
if a vine still holds them it means that
tomatoes were cut off before being
ripened and left to ripen in the box
these tomatoes have very few vitamins
and useful elements the color of a good
tomato should be homogeneous and
saturated without green areas moreover
it's smells should be pleasant it's
pretty easy to spot nitrate tomatoes in
a store they are elastic but not firm if
you press it you won't see a trace of
your fingerprint left on the tomato good
tomatoes should be soft to the touch -
watermelon the tastiest and the sweetest
watermelons ripen in the period from the
second half of August until the end of
September some producers spray early
watermelons with nitrogen fertilizers
and growth stimulants trying to collect
the harvest faster all melons absorb
these dangerous substances from the
environment which is why you shouldn't
buy them off the road it's the same
reason why you shouldn't buy watermelons
that are already cut they could contain
many microbes opt for a medium-sized
watermelon bright contrasting stripes
and a shiny crust are the indicators of
its ripeness a ripe watermelon has a dry
tail because when a watermelon ripen
it stops taking moisture from the ground
a watermelon side should be a saturated
yellow color and its size should be 2 to
4 inches knock a watermelon with your
fist ripe fruits make a resonant sound
three bell pepper there are a few people
who know that bell peppers have two
types male and female and that they
differ by taste in order to learn the
type of a bell pepper turn it upside
down if it has four sectors it's a
female type if it has three sectors it's
a male type the shape of a male type is
more elongated while the female type is
shorter and wider a female type is much
sweeter and it can be eaten raw the bell
peppers of a male type are more sour and
firm they are good for jarring and
cooking the heavier the bell pepper the
juicier it is its tail should be green
and firm search for peppers without
orange spots they indicate that the
pepper has become a victim of insects
for apples opt for medium sized apples
and apples should be firm and heavy by
weight don't buy shiny apples in order
to make fruit look good
manufacturers coat them with wax or
natural resins when buying a green apple
pay attention to a gray net near the
stem if it's there
that means the Apple has ripened it's
better to buy apples during the high
season that's when they are the tastiest
and richest in vitamins they are less
nutritious in other months
five cherries by cherries during high
season in June or July the berries are
more nutritious tastier and cheaper at
this time check cherries by touch before
buying them they shouldn't be too solid
or too soft and there should be no sweat
on them the berries should be shiny and
saturated in color the darker the
berries are the more useful sugars
carotenoids and those ions and organic
acids they have berries should always be
sold with stems fresh cherries have
green and firm stems if the berries are
sticky it's likely that they are not
fresh the smell of fermentation means
that the berries are spoiled don't buy
them six plums
[Music]
when buying plums Optra fruits with
homogeneous color also avoid buying
cracked plums as well as plums with
dense stains and other injuries a plum
should be heavy with a pleasant sweet
smell if the fruit skin has a thin white
layer it means that these plums have
been picked up recently pay attention to
the stem a ripened plum must have a
ripened stem 7 cucumbers give your
preference to the cucumbers that are a
bright green color they should be firm
to the touch if a cucumber is fresh the
color of its skin should be saturated
without any shine appeal that is too
shiny can signal that a cucumber has
been fertilized by nitrates and is
coated with wax pay attention to the
tail if it is withered and dry this is a
sign of an overripe cucumber by
cucumbers that are medium sized at about
4 to 6 inches in length over dried
vegetables have a watery taste and an
unpleasant bitterness stains cracks and
bruising on the surface of the cucumber
are also unacceptable
[Music]
eight bananas look for bananas that are
a bright yellow color small dots on
their peel indicate that the banana is
ripe and is ready to be used however you
shouldn't store this type of banana for
more than two days or it will overripe
in' also don't buy bananas with big
black spots there is a decay process
already going on inside the size of the
fruit doesn't matter when buying bananas
if you're not choosing between baby
bananas and bananas that are a normal
sized baby bananas are always sweet but
they are also more expensive nine pairs
a ripe pair can be easily identified by
a bright aroma the fruit itself should
be neither very firm nor too soft and
there should be no damage or dent on its
peel brown spots near the tail indicate
that the fruit is not fresh
there are pear types that maintain a
bright green color but in most cases a
small blush is a good indicator of the
fruits ripeness 10 Kiwi
when choosing kiwi place one fruit
between your thumb and index finger and
squeeze it a ripe fruit will be soft but
elastic also pay attention to the smell
a ripe Kiwi has a vivid citrus smell and
the Kiwis peel should be smooth and firm
without any damage
eleven elem ins a ripe lemon has a shiny
peel as if it was polished also pay
attention to the smoothness of the peel
the lemons from the first crop collected
from the lemon bearing tree for the
first time have a smooth peel the
concentration of useful elements in them
is higher than in the fruits of further
harvests skin that is too lumpy is
usually thick and weighs more than the
fruit with a thin peel but they have
less pulp
bonus how to choose an avocado when
choosing an avocado the first thing you
need to do is pay attention to its color
ripe fruits are usually much darker but
keep in mind that there are avocados
that can stay evergreen an avocado skin
should be a little pebbled but there
should be no severe dents that could
indicate bruises the last step is to
check the stem if the area underneath
the stem is green or yellow this fruit
is worth buying if it's brown the fruit
is overripe how do you choose fruits and
vegetables tell us in the comments below
remember to give us a thumbs up share
this video with your friends and hit
subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life
[Music]